Fix factual and spec errors in docs content (#521)
icerpc/icerpc-docs: content/slice/language-guide/sequence-types.md

More specifically, this type must:

> - provide a constructor that accepts an `IEnumerable<T>` or a `T[]` when T is a bool or a fixed-size numeric type

Reviewer: I think it's even more accurate to just say:
```suggestion
- provide a constructor that accepts an `IEnumerable<T>` or a `T[]` when T is a fixed-size primitive type
```
Because the type being `primitive` is even more important than just be `fixed-size` or `numeric`.
